3,3'-diindolylmethane
3-Iodobenzylguanidine
4-phenylbutyric acid
6-O-palmitoylascorbic acid
abiraterone acetate
acemannan
Aclarubicin
ado-trastuzumab emtansine
alatrofloxacin
Alatrofloxacin mesylate
Aldesleukin
alemtuzumab
alitretinoin
allyl sulfide
Altretamine
Aminoglutethimide
amonafide
Amsacrine
Amygdalin
anastrozole
arsenic trioxide
ASPARAGINASE
Azacitidine
Azathioprine
azathioprine sodium
azelaic acid
belinostat
bendamustine
bendamustine hydrochloride
besifloxacin
beta-thujaplicin
bevacizumab
bexarotene
bicalutamide
Bleomycin
Bleomycin Sulfate
blinatumomab
bortezomib
Busulfan
cabergoline
capecitabine
carbomer homopolymer type b
carbomer-934
Carbomer-940
Carboplatin
Carmustine
carvone
ceritinib
cetuximab
Chlorambucil
Chlorotrianisene
chlorozotocin
cholesteryl sulfate
cinnamic aldehyde
Cinoxacin
Ciprofloxacin
Ciprofloxacin Hydrochloride
Cisplatin
Cladribine
clofarabine
Curcumin
Cyclophosphamide
Cyclophosphamide Anhydrous
Cyproterone Acetate
Cytarabine
dabrafenib
Dacarbazine
Dactinomycin
dasatinib
Daunorubicin
Daunorubicin Hydrochloride
decitabine
denileukin diftitox
Dexamethasone
Dexrazoxane
Dexrazoxane hydrochloride
dienogest
Dihematoporphyrin Ether
docetaxel
DOCETAXEL ANHYDROUS
Doxorubicin
Doxorubicin Hydrochloride
doxorubicin liposome
Edodekin Alfa
Eflornithine
Eflornithine Hydrochloride
Enoxacin
enrofloxacin
epigallocatechin gallate
Epirubicin
Epirubicin Hydrochloride
erlotinib
Erlotinib Hydrochloride
Estramustine
Estramustine phosphate
Estramustine Phosphate Sodium
Ethiodized Oil
Ethoglucid
Etoposide
etoposide phosphate
everolimus
exemestane
Fleroxacin
Floxuridine
fludarabine
Fludarabine phosphate
flumequine
Fluorouracil
Flutamide
formestane
fosfestrol
fulvestrant
gallium nitrate
gatifloxacin
gefitinib
gemcitabine
Gemcitabine hydrochloride
gemifloxacin
gemifloxacin mesylate
Gemtuzumab ozogamicin
Genistein
geranylgeranylacetone
Goserelin
Goserelin Acetate
Grape Seed Extract
grepafloxacin
GREPAFLOXACIN HYDROCHLORIDE
hydroxyurea
hypericin
Idarubicin
Idarubicin Hydrochloride
idelalisib
Ifosfamide
imatinib
Imatinib mesylate
imiquimod
Interferon beta-1a
Interferon-beta
Interleukin-12
Interleukin-4
iodine-131-tositumomab
irinotecan
Irinotecan hydrochloride
isobutyramide
lanreotide
lanreotide acetate
lapatinib
lapatinib ditosylate
lenalidomide
lenvatinib
letrozole
Leuprolide
Leuprolide Acetate
Levofloxacin
levofloxacin anhydrous
lomefloxacin
lomefloxacin hydrochloride
Lomustine
lycopene
Mechlorethamine
Mechlorethamine hydrochloride
Medrogestone
medroxyprogesterone acetate
Megestrol
Megestrol Acetate
Melphalan
mequinol
mercaptopurine
Methotrexate
Methotrexate Sodium
Methylprednisolone Sodium Succinate
Methyltestosterone
miltefosine
Mitobronitol
Mitomycin
Mitotane
Mitoxantrone
Mitoxantrone Hydrochloride
molgramostim
moxifloxacin
Moxifloxacin hydrochloride
musk ketone
Mycophenolic Acid
Nalidixic Acid
nilutamide
nintedanib
nintedanib esylate
nivolumab
Norfloxacin
obinutuzumab
Octreotide
Octreotide Acetate
Ofloxacin
Oil of garlic
olaparib
omacetaxine mepesuccinate
Oprelvekin
oxaliplatin
Oxolinic Acid
Paclitaxel
paclitaxel protein-bound
palbociclib
panobinostat
Pefloxacin
Pefloxacin Mesylate
pegaspargase
pembrolizumab
pemetrexed
pemetrexed disodium
Pentostatin
pertuzumab
phenylacetate
phenylacetic acid
phenylbutyrate
Pipobroman
Pirarubicin
pirfenidone
Plicamycin
podofilox
podophyllin
pomalidomide
ponatinib
ponatinib hydrochloride
Porfimer Sodium
Prednimustine
prednisolone
Prednisone
Procarbazine
Procarbazine Hydrochloride
proxigermanium
Quinacrine
Quinacrine Monohydrochloride
raltitrexed
ramucirumab
ranibizumab
razoxane
resveratrol
retinamide
retinol acetate
retinyl palmitate
rituximab
romidepsin
satraplatin
siltuximab
Sirolimus
Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate
sodium phenylacetate
Sodium phenylbutyrate
sorafenib
sorafenib tosylate
sparfloxacin
Streptozocin
Sulindac
sunitinib
sunitinib malate
Suramin
Tamoxifen
Tamoxifen Citrate
Tegafur
temafloxacin
TEMAFLOXACIN HYDROCHLORIDE
temoporfin
temozolomide
Teniposide
Testolactone
Thalidomide
Thioguanine
Thioguanine Anhydrous
Thiotepa
thymalfasin
tibolone
Topotecan
Topotecan Hydrochloride
Toremifene
Toremifene Citrate
trabectedin
trametinib
trastuzumab
treosulfan
Tretinoin
trilostane
Trimetrexate
Triptorelin
triptorelin pamoate
trofosfamide
trovafloxacin
Uracil Mustard
Urethane
ursolic acid
valrubicin
Vinblastine
Vinblastine Sulfate
Vincristine
Vincristine Sulfate
Vindesine
Vindesine Sulfate
vinorelbine
Vinorelbine tartrate
Vorinostat
